Multiple IdPs (#64)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/environments.adoc

To create a new environment or manage an existing environment:

. Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the organization administrator role.
. Navigate to Access Management.
. In the menu on the left, click *Environments*.
. Click *Add Environment*.
. Enter a name for the environment.
. Select the environment type.

> . Optionally, select at least one xref:managing-api-clients.adoc[client provider] for your environment. If you do not select a client provider, Anypoint is the default client provider.

Author: ```suggestion
. Select at least one xref:managing-api-clients.adoc[client provider] for your environment.
```

> . Sign into Anypoint Platform with an Organization Administrators role.

Author: ```suggestion
. Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the organization administrator role.
```

> . Go to Access Management.

Author: ```suggestion
. Navigate to Access Management.
```

. In the menu on the left, click *Environments*.
. Click *Add Environment*.
. Enter a name for the environment.
. Select the environment type.
. Optionally, select at least one xref:managing-api-clients.adoc[client provider] for your environment.

> . Optionally, if you added more than one client provider, click *Set as default* to designate a default client provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optionally, if you added more than one client provider, click *Set as default* to designate a default client provider.
```
Is this optional if you added more than one provider?

Author: Yes, technically, since a default option is chosen for them. They can change it if they so choose.

Author: ```suggestion
. Optionally, if you added more than one client provider, click *Set as default* to designate a default client provider. If you do not select a default client provider, the first client provider that you added is the default.
```

== To Modify or Delete an Existing Environment

> . Go to Access Management.

Author: ```suggestion
. Navigate to Access Management.
```

. Log in to the Anypoint Platform as an administrator.
. Go to Access Management.
. In the menu on the left, click *Environments*.
. Click the name of the environment whose client ID/secret you want to view.

[NOTE]
--
To change the client ID or client secret of an environment, you must contact your customer support representative.
--

> == Add an IdP to an Existing Environment

Reviewer 2: We're using "Client Provider" elsewhere, why IdP here?

> If your organization administrator provides multiple xref:managing-api-clients.adoc[identity providers], or IdPs, for your master organization, you can add them to existing environments as client providers. When you create a new API in an environment that has an IdP, the API receives the default client provider.

Reviewer 2: Do we refer to 'master' organizations elsewhere? I thought organizations were always the master org in docs, and business groups non-master organizations.

Reviewer 2: "receive" a default client provider isn't exactly clear to me, here. I would attempt to reduce the mentions we do to API Manager and its logic, and say that it associates an environment with an IDP, enabling it to be used for API Management.

Author: ```suggestion
If your organization administrator provides multiple xref:managing-api-clients.adoc[identity providers], or IdPs, for your organization, you can add them to existing environments as client providers.
```

Author: Going to leave that API detail to API Manager as we discussed.

Author: ```suggestion
If your organization administrator provides multiple xref:managing-api-clients.adoc[identity providers], or IdPs, for your organization, you can add them to existing environments as client providers.
```

Author: Going to leave that bit to API Manager doc as we discussed. Removing instances of "master" in "master organization" since it's redundant. I think we assume master org unless we call out a BG specifically.

To add an IdP to an existing environment:

. Go to Access Management.
. In the menu on the left, click *Environments*.
. Click the name of the environment.
. In the Client Provider field, select at least one client provider.
. Click *Update*.

== Remove an IdP from an Environment

> When you remove a client provider from an environment, APIs that use that client provider still use the assigned client provider. However, you can no longer assign new APIs to that client provider.

Reviewer 2: Please elaborate on the implications of
> APIs that use that client provider still use the assigned client provider

To view the client ID and secret for your environment:

. Log in to the Anypoint Platform as an administrator.
. Navigate to Access Management.
. In the menu on the left, click *Environments*.
. Click the name of the environment whose client ID/secret you want to view.

[NOTE]
--
To change the client ID or client secret of an environment, you must contact your customer support representative.
--

[[add-an-idp-to-an-existing-environment]]
== Associate a Client Provider with an Existing Environment

> If your organization administrator provides multiple xref:managing-api-clients.adoc[client providers] for your organization, you can add them to existing environments. If you did not associate a client provider with the environment when you created it, the default client provider is the Anypoint client provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your organization administrator provides multiple xref:managing-api-clients.adoc[client providers] for your organization, you can add them to existing environments. If you did not associate a client provider with the environment when you created it, the default client provider is the Anypoint Platform client provider.
```

. Log in to the Anypoint Platform as an administrator.
. Go to Access Management.
. In the menu on the left, click *Environments*.
. Click the name of the environment whose client ID/secret you want to view.

[NOTE]
--
To change the client ID or client secret of an environment, you must contact your customer support representative.
--

[[add-an-idp-to-an-existing-environment]]

> == Add a Client Provider to an Existing Environment

Reviewer 2: Associate, not add.

Author: ```suggestion
== Associate a Client Provider with an Existing Environment
```

If your organization administrator provides multiple xref:managing-api-clients.adoc[client providers] for your organization, you can add them to existing environments.

> To add a client provider to an existing environment:

Reviewer 2: Associate

Author: ```suggestion
To associate a client provider with an existing environment:
```

> . Log in to the Anypoint Platform as an administrator.

Reviewer 2: Organization administrator

Author: ```suggestion
. Sign in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the organization administrator role.
```

. Go to Access Management.
. In the menu on the left, click *Environments*.
. Click the name of the environment.
. In the *Client Provider* field, select at least one client provider.
. If you added more than one client provider, click *Set as default* to designate a default client provider.
. Click *Update*.

[[remove-an-idp-from-an-environment]]
== Remove a Client Provider from an Environment

You can remove a client provider from an environment at any time.
When you remove your default client provider from an environment that has more than one client provider, the next client provider is automatically named as your new default client provider.

> When you remove all external client providers from an environment, the Anypoint Platform client provider becomes the default client provider for that environment.

Reviewer 2: Can we say "the built-in Anypoint Platform client provider"

Author: ```suggestion
When you remove all external client providers from an environment, the built-in Anypoint Platform client provider becomes the default client provider for that environment.
```

. Log in to the Anypoint Platform as an administrator.

> . Go to Access Management.

Author: ```suggestion
. Navigate to Access Management.
```

. In the menu on the left, click *Environments*.
. Click the name of the environment whose client ID/secret you want to view.

[NOTE]
--
To change the client ID or client secret of an environment, you must contact your customer support representative.
--

[[add-an-idp-to-an-existing-environment]]
== Associate a Client Provider with an Existing Environment

If your organization administrator provides multiple xref:managing-api-clients.adoc[client providers] for your organization, you can add them to existing environments.

To associate a client provider with an existing environment:

> . Sign in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the organization administrator role.

Author: ```suggestion
. Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the organization administrator role.
```

> . Go to Access Management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Navigate to *Access Management*.
```

. In the menu on the left, click *Environments*.
. Click the name of the environment.
. In the *Client Provider* field, select at least one client provider.
. If you added more than one client provider, click *Set as default* to designate a default client provider.
. Click *Update*.

You can now configure client providers for APIs. 

[[remove-an-idp-from-an-environment]]
== Remove a Client Provider from an Environment

> You can remove a client provider from an environment at any time.

Reviewer: Should we provide examples of the circumstances under which you might want to remove?

Author: Dev says there are lots of reasons to delete; I think many of them would probably be too niche to document. From our side, there isn't a reason to do so, but they could want to delete to change client providers or something.

When you remove your default client provider from an environment that has more than one client provider, the next client provider is automatically named as your new default client provider.
When you remove all external client providers from an environment, the built-in Anypoint Platform client provider becomes the default client provider for that environment.

> . Go to Access Management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Navigate to *Access Management*.
```

. In the menu on the left, click *Environments*.
. Click the name of the environment.

> . Click the *x* next to the client provider that you want to remove.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *x* next to the name of the client provider that you want to remove.
```
